README.rst, before:

fedcred: Obtain AWS API Credentials when using Federation/Identity Providers to authenticate to AWS
===================================================================================================


The following identity providers are currently supported:

* Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS)
* Okta

Installation:
-------------

Option 1
~~~~~~~~
.. code-block:: sh

    $ pip install fedcred

Option 2
~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: sh

    1. Clone this repo
    2. $ python setup.py install


Config File Setup
----------------------

The configuation file is named ``fedcred.config`` and should exist in the users home directory.

.. code-block:: ini
    
    [fedcred]
    provider = {okta, adfs}
    aws_credential_profile = default
    sslverify = True
    
    [okta]
    organization = <yourorg>.okta.com
    app_url = <okta application url>
    
    [adfs]
    ntlmauth = {True, False}
    url = https://<adfs fqdn>/adfs/ls/idpinitiatedsignon.aspx?loginToRp=urn:amazon:webservices


Usage
-----

.. code-block:: sh

    $ fedcred

Commit message:

* Added ability to define a [account_map] in the config file in order to give each account an easily identifiable name * Added ability to control the colors of the output via a new [colors] config section * Added 'username' to 'fedcred' section of config file. * fixed some typos * Added version.py * up'd version to 0.0.3 * Started the process of removing support for python2 * Factored out config reading code to it's own class (a singleton'ish)

README.rst, after:

fedcred
=======
Obtain AWS API Credentials when using Federation/Identity Providers to authenticate to AWS.

The following identity providers are currently supported:

* Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS)
* Okta

Installation:
-------------

Option 1
~~~~~~~~
.. code-block:: sh

    $ pip install fedcred

Option 2
~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: sh

    1. Clone this repo
    2. $ python setup.py install


Config File Setup
----------------------
The config file can exist at ``~/.config/fedcred.ini`` or ``~/fedcred.config``

.. code-block:: ini
    
    [fedcred]
    provider = {okta, adfs}
    aws_credential_profile = default
    sslverify = True
    ; Store username here instead of having to type it in each time
    ; Optional
    username = <your-username>
    
    [okta]
    organization = <yourorg>.okta.com
    app_url = <okta application url>
    
    [adfs]
    ntlmauth = {True, False}
    url = https://<adfs fqdn>/adfs/ls/idpinitiatedsignon.aspx?loginToRp=urn:amazon:webservices

    ; Control the colors of the account list output
    ; Format: FORE-BACK-EFFECT1,EFFECT2
    ;         X --> No Change
    ; Example: green-X-bold --> Green Text, Default Background, Bolded
    ;          yellow-on_blue-X -> Yellow Text, Blue Background, No Effects
    ; See: https://pypi.org/project/termcolor/
    ; Optional
    [colors]
    header = X-X-reverse
    footer = X-X-reverse,bold
    row1 = white-X-reverse,bold
    row2 = green-X-reverse,bold

    ; Map an account id to an easily identifiable string (i.e. account name)
    ; Optional
    [account_map]
    ACCOUNT_1_ID = ACCOUNT_1_NAME
    ACCOUNT_2_ID = ACCOUNT_2_NAME
    ; ...
    ACCOUNT_N_ID = ACCOUNT_N_NAME
    

Usage
-----

.. code-block:: sh

    $ fedcred
